# Week 1 Tuesday Homework: Communication Basics

In this exercise, you'll set up your Discord account, join the class Discord server, and set your nickname in the server to your actual preferred name. All tasks should be completed no later than 5pm on Wednesday, 8/29, so that we can add you to the correct private channel in Discord. 

1. Create a Discord account at https://discordapp.com/ if you don't already use discord. Once that is done, join our class Discord server at https://discord.gg/e4QSyUX and change your nickname. To change your nickname, right click yourself in the member bar on the right side of the screen. Select "Change Nickname", and change it to your full preferred name: ie. 'Austin Willoughby'.

2. Post a brief introduction message to the "general" chat channel by clicking "#general" on the left side of the discord window and typing so that we know your account is working. (*Optional: Join the #music-suggestions channel by clicking on the word "Channels" in the left sidebar and selecting the channel. You can use that channel to suggest songs for me to add to the playlist I use during in-class work time.*)

3. Use your RIT email account (not a personal acccount!) to send a email to your professor (arwigm@rit.edu). Add a cc: for your TA, Rahul Madhyan(rm7755@rit.edu). The email should have the subject line "Your Name, 110 Fall 2018”. Use the guidelines provided in this week's reading when composing your message. At a minimum, the email should tell that you have completed the steps above. You're welcome to provide more of an introduction if you'd like (I always enjoy learning more about my students!), but that's not required and won't affect your grade. 